Add transfer out domain (#724)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/transferring-a-domain-out.mdx

import Doc from '~/components/layout/docs'
import { TerminalInput } from '~/components/text/terminal'
import { Image, Video } from '~/components/media'
import Caption from '~/components/text/caption'
import Card from '~/components/card'
import { GenericLink } from '~/components/text/link'
import Note from '~/components/text/note'

export const meta = {
  title: 'Transfer Out a Domain',
  description: 'Transferring your domain from ZEIT to an external registrar',
  editUrl: 'pages/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/transferring-a-domain-out.mdx',
  lastEdited: '2019-04-10T13:33:02.000Z'
}

If you want to transfer your domain from ZEIT to an external registrar, you can do so by following the steps below.

> ### Step 1: Check Eligibility

Reviewer: This is the first heading, but the title is by default a H1. Let's make this a H2?

Also, being more explicit in the titles is helpful, I've found.
```suggestion
## Step 1: Checking That Your Domain Can Be Transferred
```

> #### Has the domain been registered with ZEIT for 60 days?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Has the domain been registered with ZEIT for 60 days?
```

> [ICANN](https://www.icann.org/) rules stipulate that a domain must have been held by the same registrar for 60 days before it can be transferred. This includes both cases where the domain was registered with ZEIT originally and where it has been transferred into ZEIT after initial registration.

Reviewer: Based on the analytics of the docs, not all of our readers have English as a first language. As such; I think we should simplify the language we use where possible.
```suggestion
[ICANN](https://www.icann.org/) rules state that a domain must have been held by the same registrar for 60 days before it can be transferred. This includes both cases where the domain was registered with ZEIT originally and where it has been transferred into ZEIT.
```

> If you would like to view further information on [ICANN](https://www.icann.org/) rules and commonly asked questions surrounding them, you can do so [here](https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/name-holder-faqs-2017-10-10-en).

Reviewer: Accessibility in writing requires descriptive links. 
```suggestion
If you would like to view further information on [ICANN](https://www.icann.org/) rules and commonly asked questions surrounding them, you can do so [in the ICANN knowledge base](https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/name-holder-faqs-2017-10-10-en).
```

### Step 2: Contact Support

> Once you have verified your domain is eligible for transfer, you should contact the support team at [support@zeit.co](mailto:support@zeit.co). A member of the support team will first verify your identity and ownership of the domain before proving you with an [authorization code](https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/auth-2013-05-03-en).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have verified your domain is eligible for transfer, you should contact the support team at [support@zeit.co](mailto:support@zeit.co). Once you have reached out, a member of the support team will first verify your identity and ownership of the domain before providing you with an [authorization code](https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/auth-2013-05-03-en).
```

Your authorization token is used by your new domain registrar to confirm your identity and process a domain transfer to them from ZEIT.

### Step 3: Transfer the Domain

After receiving the authorization code, you may provide it to your new domain registrar who will then be able to process the [transfer in](/docs/v2/domains-and-aliases/transferring-a-domain-in) for you. Your new domain registrar should provide you with the steps for completing your transfer in, this is commonly done in a user control panel.

> Domain name transfers are usually completed very quickly, often within minutes, however, in some situations this can take longer and you should speak with your new domain registrar about this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Domain name transfers are usually completed very quickly, often within minutes, however, in some situations this can take longer for which you should speak with your new domain registrar about.
```
